the situation on YouTube is not getting better
for Ari Gameplays everyone hates her I
[ __ ] 10 every day take a shower dirty I
don't watch [ __ ] even this which is something I
see a lot no it's the issue of
blaming her for the hate that
Juan had before I mean they hated Juan
because of Ari like they
hated Juan because of him that seems
similar to when they start applauding
Juan Guarnizo's Prime because he lost weight he took
off his cap and grew a
beard and it's like what about hers then I mean
she was already physically fine
now we don't applaud him for being better I do
n't know if I think Ari has her
things and she's obviously a liar
but I also have
mixed feelings about the
dehumanization Ari gameplay live
by gref as long as I have a throat your
children are going to have a slide exclaimed The
Aztec [ __ ] and it has 5 and a half million
views and almost 100,000 likes
this [ __ ] is completely accepted